smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
a light-hearted french film about the spiritual quest of a fashion model seeking peace of mind while in a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew . 
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
directed by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he brought to pitch black . 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
si el siglo xxi necesita de héroes , el hombre araña parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
 . . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ? 
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
every defiantly over-the-top action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to fearsome drug busts -- seizes your adrenal gland and milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
if the story lacks bite , the performances are never less than affectionate . 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
in the spirit of voltaire and molière , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá . 
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
judging from the strength of this superbly enigmatic film , oliveira himself seems far from ready to go home . 
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
a movie that doesn't aim too high , but doesn't need to . 
the kind of movie that seduces you into becoming putty in its manipulative card-sharking hands and making you enjoy being taken in by its shameless contrivance . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
even if the world doesn't see things the way [michael moore] does , his questions are worth asking . … and bowling for columbine benefits from his iconoclastic zeal . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
one of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while , leo has great fun in the role . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
 . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
treats a potentially explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness . 
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
mr . jacobi's recitation is illustrated with a rush of sensuous nature imagery , beautifully photographed by mr . cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a lush soundtrack by paul grabowsky . 
the acting is uniformly excellent , with kyra sedgwick and fairuza balk in particular deserving to be singled out for praise . 
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances . 
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
like to think of the film as local hero for kids , as the boy has to adapt from his urban kid lifestyle to the slow , simple ways of generations before . will he do it ? will it work out ? can love overcome ? 
bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
typifies the pros and cons of the films that india churns out . 
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
the message becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and sweet tale that wears its great big ol' heart on its grizzly-sized sleeve . 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
this is one of jaglom's most accessible and genuinely enjoyable films . 
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ‘70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
da primeira seqüência de luta à piada que encerra a história , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensação de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
it's simply delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault do his stuff . 
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
the process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the battle of the bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission . 
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
in their love for each other and their ability to move on , the women are , in a way , lovely and amazing . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
 . . . more evocative than many other anime features , with its echoes of classic science fiction and contemporary cyberpunk . 
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there . 
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
kidd deals with lust and egoism the way a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exposes ugly attitudes but maintains compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
full of unforgiving irony and quiet realism , a song for martin stands as a powerful and moving achievement . 
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
 " maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
bravely explores the psychic damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
a lyrical , bittersweet film about what could be termed a by-product of battle . 
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
while the topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
a nicely constructed film with an unusual , though not unheard-of theme for chinese cinema . 
witty , charming , ultimately empathetic portrait of a once-upon-a-time industry titan . 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
there's an uneasy balance between the comedy and the drama that doesn't really fire on all levels , but it works on a few of them . 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
it's a shame that pokemon 4ever's dialogue is so trite and flatly delivered because the tale itself presents serious ideas worthy of more poetic language . 
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
 " on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
ice cube , as usual , is an appealing presence , but the rest of the cast shines as well . 
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
captures a more realistic depiction of the effects of death on a family . 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will . 
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be . 
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
this epic film , eschewing dialogue and conventional narrative logic , tells a gripping tale of biological drama through a highly improbable series of evocative images , superb acting and editing , and haunting music . 
a world in small , subtly acknowledging larger economic and cultural forces one moment , and in the next patiently observing the way a bowl of medicinal tea , seen turning in a microwave carousel , begins to describe its own slow epicycles . 
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
by embracing the original series' tacky elements and inserting just enough self-mockery to avoid smugness , the movie manages to fulfill basic expectations . 
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . . 
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once . 
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
 . . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal . 
quirky and understated office comedy with crispin glover as the guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to hang around . 
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength . 
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 
an entertaining romp that stays true to the material's television roots , this film is a good starting point for viewers unfamiliar with the series . 
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
quick pace , no lulls , many silly bits and a soundtrack that knows how to back this kind of satirical comedy
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates . 
punch-drunk love mostly feints and jabs ; by anderson's standards it's strictly lightweight . but sandler delivers the kind of knockout performance that even his staunchest defenders probably didn't realize he had in him . 
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through . 
bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark . 
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
testud is the burning center of a clinically dispassionate film . 
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better . 
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . . 
it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever . 
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema . 
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness . 
an intricate tale of guilt , grief and dark serendipity . . . so deft it's hard not to gasp with delight as the plot's pieces slide into place and its machinery begins humming . 
jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
renee zellweger is amazing and richard gere brings a life to the screen that he hasn't in several years . 
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys . 
the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
essentially , noyce just wants to tell a good story , which he does . 
that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive . 
not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly . 
an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies . 
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense . 
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 
there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor . 
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
like the hugely successful first film , the sequel provides pleasant , engaging if largely disposable entertainment for the general audience . 
the moral is not too original , but the offbeat characters certainly are . 
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity . 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
it's the end of the world as metaphor for how we scuttle relationships , and it's a remarkably apt one . 
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun . 
 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
an unpleasant though sometimes effective psychological thriller that is noteworthy for being the film in which actress sandra bullock has gotten her act back together . 
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
great trash , one of those mediocre movies that in its own crass way is more enjoyable than most things that get nominated for oscars . 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good . 
it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully . 
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
carefully crafted , notably in its deft dramatic structuring , and has become timely in a way its maker could never have anticipated . 
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 
utilizing lots of complicated , well-choreographed steadicam shots , la salle directs with confidence -- this may yet be his true calling . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name . 
solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments . 
 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
the movie is the strangest experience : a matter-of-fact thing that swallows you whole . 
they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
deeply-rendered , distinctly three-dimensional performances . . . make " altar boys " very engaging even though the story is never quite compelling enough to draw you in on its own . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking . 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession . 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
it is von sydow who gives intacto its gravity , resonance , soul . 
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
 . . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro . 
if you're an extreme sports fan , this is probably a must own dvd . 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
i certainly found its depiction of a family affected by grief far more believable and effective than the strident dish-breaking , breast-beating of in the bedroom . 
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable . 
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color . 
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie . 
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
for those with the stomach and stamina for its heartbeat-quickening intensity and body-slamming action , rollerball delivers exactly what it promises : a people's hero you can really get behind . 
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
in this vivid , emotionally complex ensemble piece , korean writer-director jeong jae-eun portrays this extraordinary turning point in every woman's life . 
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes . 
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
it's hard not to like a film that has sky divers jumping out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a big net . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree . 
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
quiet , sexual , disturbing , often beautifully melancholic . 
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
no way i can believe this load of junk . 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment . 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 
for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
it's their familial ups and downs that shift this small , stubbornly poignant documentary . . . from the realm of special-interest audiences to the more universal theater of family psychodynamics . 
watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms . 
it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
genuine movie magic . . . it transports you to a place somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent referee . 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity . 
it has something of the aura of four weddings and a funeral about it , mixed in with a bit of bridget jones's diary , but the movie's just too different , too risky for huge popularity . 
 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
i enjoyed " formula 51 " in a guilty kind of way
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere . 
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 
the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials . 
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores . 
what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study . 
mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that is sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal to take itself seriously . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director . 
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves . 
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts . 
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
part of the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . tavernier's film conveys a large element of its appeal -- and more . 
 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture . 
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies . 
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
turning a great movie into a pretty good one is still a step in the wrong direction . . . and the ring will never be more than a pretty good movie . 
formula 51 is pretty much quentin tarantino meets guy ritchie , as directed by ronny yu . however , if you like that sort of thing , as i do , you just might have some fun with the chemical imbalance of formula 51 . 
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
an engaging documentary about people who live in unusual homes . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
de oliveira seems not only to have read john berger's famous essay on looking , but also to have taken it as his personal instruction manual for filmmaking . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ? 
the exposition does pay off , if you can stay awake that long . there's little gripping in the film until the second hour . 
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino . 
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach . 
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
macbeth . mcdonald's . how far apart these poles of popular culture seemed until billy morrissette's sly mcshakespeare crime comedy . 
bielinsky's script is slick and fiendishly clever , with seemingly a twist a minute . 
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
drumline is a movie that treats its characters and audience with respect ; it can't be accused of being a dumbed-down teen comedy . 
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces . 
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it . 
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack . 
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
